What I learned:
Shania Ie:
-       In this final project, I was in charge of handling the web scraping part. We used Yelp’s API, which is not open to the public. Therefore, I had to submit a proposal to Yelp and briefly state what our project is to get the API key. Initially, I was struggling to even open the API as I have never dealt with anything like this. Usually, when we do the lab assignment, the API is open to the public. Therefore, I had to adjust my coding style to be wary of the key. I’ve paid more attention to the number of calls I make per day as I do not want it to exceed 5,000 calls. Coding with real-life data is different as everything is much more cluttered. I have to adjust to Yelp’s terms and code around it. Because Yelp only allows us to access 50 shops at a time, therefore using offset is required so that we could get the next 50 shops. This took a bit of time to figure out as I wasn’t quite sure yet how the API works. I learned that it is important to know what features you API provides so that you can work your way around and make use of the built-in functions. Other than that, I learned that it is important to know what the structure of the data is like because it took me quite a while to figure out how to access the shop information and also whether all the shops have the same structure. In the case of finding the price, I’ve stumbled upon key errors as it turns out that not all of the shops have a price listing on it. Therefore, I learned that being able to debug your own code is really important. 

Yong Yu Xuan:
In this final project, I was in charge of the database. After using the data scraped from the web by Shania, I had to put all the information into the database. I think I learned a lot from putting the information into the database as it was quite a task to think about how to make putting the data in efficient. Initially, I had thought it was just straight forward and it was just putting in data one by one.  However, I realized that there were more efficient ways like creating different tables and just accessing the ID instead, which would be faster that inserting the same elements one by one. Furthermore, I have also tried to make the Yelp API work, so I feel like I understand why it is so hard to scrape real life data. The information in the database is a little larger this time, but I realized that there is a structure to doing everything, and as long as we follow the structure, we will be able to put any data in. Lastly, I think that everyone did well on their parts, and while there were minor hiccups when combining each part, it did not take long to make the program mesh and work together, so this final project was a fun experience for me,




Yi Ting Wang:
I am doing the GUI part of this final project. For me, it is like the front of an app even though this project is not that complicate like apps that I have seen so far. I use the database which has been done from the back to interact with the user. Our discussion took a quite long time to decide the topic and what kind of modules we are going to use. But I like the team working that we discuss and work together to make our program able to run. Since this final project is dealing with bigger database and having more functionality and more complicated, it is a little bit challenging for me. I learned that designing the structure before coding is very important. Overall, it is really cool to learn GUI and use it in my final project.
